template/wiki/modules.md, before:

# Modules
We are using [Ractive components](http://docs.ractivejs.org/latest/components) to build a more modular website and also to simplify and organise the development. And to make this task of creating css/html/js files less tedious, you can use the `gulp module` task to generate those files.

## Creating a module
To create a new module, just run the following command:

```shell
gulp module --add your-module
```

If you need to extend another module, just separate the file you want to extend with a colon:

```shell
gulp module --add your-module:another-existing-module
```

#### Stylus
A new file `your-module.styl` will be created inside the **module** folder in your CSS source folder.
Also, the `index.styl` inside the module folder will be updated to import your new module, so you **don't have to do it manually**.

#### CoffeeScript
A new file `your-module.coffee` will be created inside the **module** folder in your JS source folder.
Also, the `index.coffee` inside the module folder will be updated to register this new component inside Ractive, so you **don't have to do it manually**. The prefix `ui-` will be added to your module.

#### HTML/Ractive Template
A new file `your-module.html` will be created inside the **template** folder.


## Using modules
All modules are registered with the `ui-` prefix to avoid conflicts with the existing HTML tags.  
For example, if you create a module called `feed`:

```html
<ui-feed />
```

All module's data are [isolated](http://docs.ractivejs.org/latest/components#isolated-boolean-) from its parent, but you can still send data as an html attribute:

```html
<ui-feed visible="true" num-items="5" items="{{model_from_parent}}" />
```

You can read more about components on [Ractive's documentation](http://docs.ractivejs.org/latest/components).

## Removing a module
If by any reason you need to delete a module, just run:

```shell
gulp module --remove your-module
```

And all files related to this module will be deleted.

Commit message:

New tasks, new libraries and new features.
As discussed on previous catch-ups, we decided to get rid of
CoffeeScript and reorganize our front-end stack.
So now we have JavaScript all over (from tasks, to source).

Bower is not being used anymore and it has been replaced by
it's bigger brother NPM. So to install front-end dependencies,
just install as a regular npm module and require in your JS.

I've also switched from Stylus to Sass (with SCSS syntax) as
it's more robust and there's more support from the community.

It's also included a new CSS architecture, developed by Harry
Roberts (@csswizardry), called ITCSS. You can read more here:
http://bit.ly/1OHRsEw
And there's also new CSS utitlities also from @csswizardry,
called inuit.css:
https://github.com/inuitcss

Besides that, most of the things are still the same, but if you
find any issues, please create a ticket :)

template/wiki/modules.md, after:

# Modules
We are using [Ractive components](http://docs.ractivejs.org/latest/components) to build a more modular website and also to simplify and organise the development. And to make this task of creating css/html/js files less tedious, you can use the `gulp module` task to generate those files.

## Creating a module
To create a new module, just run the following command:

```shell
gulp module --add=your-module
```

If you need to extend another module, just separate the file you want to extend with a colon:

```shell
gulp module --add=your-module:another-existing-module
```

#### Sass
A new file `your-module.sass` will be created inside the **module** folder in your CSS source folder.
Also, the `index.sass` inside the module folder will be updated to import your new module, so you **don't have to do it manually**.

#### JavaScript
A new file `your-module.js` will be created inside the **module/your-module** folder in your JS source folder.
Also, the `index.js` inside the module folder will be updated to register this new component inside Ractive, so you **don't have to do it manually**. The prefix `ui-` will be added to your module.

#### HTML/Ractive Template
A new file `your-module.html` will be created inside the **module/your-module** folder in your JS source folder.


## Using modules
All modules are registered with the `ui-` prefix to avoid conflicts with the existing HTML tags.  
For example, if you create a module called `feed`:

```html
<ui-feed />
```

All module's data are [isolated](http://docs.ractivejs.org/latest/components#isolated-boolean-) from its parent, but you can still send data as an html attribute:

```html
<ui-feed visible="true" num-items="5" items="{{model_from_parent}}" />
```

You can read more about components on [Ractive's documentation](http://docs.ractivejs.org/latest/components).

## Removing a module
If by any reason you need to delete a module, just run:

```shell
gulp module --remove=your-module
```

And all files related to this module will be deleted.
